<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">

    <body>

        <ui:composition template="./LabClient.xhtml">

            <ui:define name="stylesheet">
                <!--stylesheet-->
            </ui:define>

            <ui:define name="webpageTitle">
                Home
            </ui:define>

            <ui:define name="contentTitle">
                Home
            </ui:define>

            <ui:define name="content">
                #{homeBean.pageLoad()}
                <p>
                    Welcome! This LabClient enables you to submit an experiment to a remote iLab LabServer
                    for processing. The results can then be retrieved, saved to file. A description for each of the
                    LabClient's webpages is provided below.
                </p>
                <h4>
                    Setup
                </h4>
                <p>
                    Specify the setup for running the experiment.
                    <h:form>
                        <h:commandButton styleClass="text" value="#{homeBean.hcbSetupInfoValue}" action="#{homeBean.actionSetupInfo()}"/>
                    </h:form>
                </p>
                <h:panelGroup rendered="#{homeBean.hpgSetupInfoRendered}">
                    <p>
                        The experiment setup is entered using a selection of text entry boxes, selection
                        lists, buttons, etc. The selection of entry methods will vary depending on the particular
                        experiment.
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        When the necessary specification entries have been made, the experiment is submitted
                        for processing by clicking the <i>Submit</i> button. If the LabServer is currently
                        processing another experiment, the submitted experiment will be placed in a queue.
                        The specification is always checked for validity when being submitted for processing.
                        If there are any errors in the specification then a message is displayed giving
                        a brief description of the error. If the experiment has been submitted successfully
                        then a message will display the number given to the experiment and the approximate
                        amount of time to process the experiment. This time does not include the time that
                        the experiment has to wait in the queue.
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        The experiment specification may be checked for validity without being submitted
                        by clicking the <i>Validate</i> button. If there are any errors in the specification
                        then a message is displayed giving a brief description of the error. If the experiment
                        has been validated successfully then the message will display the approximate amount
                        of time to process the experiment. This time does not include the time that the
                        experiment has to wait in the queue.
                    </p>
                </h:panelGroup>
                <h4>
                    Status
                </h4>
                <p>
                    Check the status of an experiment or the LabServer.
                    <h:form>
                        <h:commandButton styleClass="text" value="#{homeBean.hcbStatusInfoValue}" action="#{homeBean.actionStatusInfo()}"/>
                    </h:form>
                </p>
                <h:panelGroup rendered="#{homeBean.hpgStatusInfoRendered}">
                    <p>
                        The status of the LabServer can be checked by clicking the <i>Refresh</i> button.
                        If the LabServer is accessible and ready to accept experiments then
                        <span style="color: green">Online</span> will be displayed. If the LabServer cannot be
                        accessed or is not available to accept experiments then <span style="color: red">Offline</span>
                        will be displayed.
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        When the LabServer is online, a message is displayed showing the LabServer's operating
                        status and information about the experiment queue. This information includes the
                        number of experiments in the queue and the approximate amount time that a newly
                        submitted experiment would spend in the queue before being processed.
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        The status of a submitted experiment can be displayed by entering an experiment
                        number into the <i>Experiment</i> field and clicking the <i>Check</i> button. If
                        the number entered is a valid submitted experiment then the status of that experiment
                        is displayed. If the experiment is waiting in the queue then the message shows the
                        position of the experiment in the queue and the approximate amount of time that
                        the experiment has to wait before being processed. If the experiment is currently
                        being processed then the message will show the approximate amount of time remaining
                        before the experiment completes.
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        A currently submitted experiment may be cancelled by clicking the <i>Cancel</i>
                        button. If the experiment is waiting in the queue for processing then the experiment
                        is removed from the queue. If the experiment is currently being processed then a
                        best-effort is made to cancel the experiment, but there is no guarantee that the
                        experiment can be cancelled. An experiment that has already completed cannot be
                        cancelled.
                    </p>
                </h:panelGroup>
                <h4>
                    Results
                </h4>
                <p>
                    Retrieve the results for an experiment and process.
                    <h:form>
                        <h:commandButton styleClass="text" value="#{homeBean.hcbResultsInfoValue}" action="#{homeBean.actionResultsInfo()}"/>
                    </h:form>
                </p>
                <h:panelGroup rendered="#{homeBean.hpgResultsInfoRendered}">
                    <p>
                        The results for a completed experiment can be retrieved by entering the experiment
                        number into the <i>Experiment</i> field and clicking the <i>Retrieve</i> button.
                        If the experiment results are retrieved successfully then the <i>Save</i> button
                        is enabled and the results can be saved to a Microsoft Excel file in CSV format.
                        A <i>Display</i> button may also become visible allowing the results to be displayed
                        in a separate Java window, but this depends on the particular experiment.
                    </p>
                </h:panelGroup>
            </ui:define>

        </ui:composition>

    </body>
</html>
